Fix typo on REQUEST_CANCEL in Workflows doc (#474)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/workflows.md

When creating a Child Workflow, you can define a [`ParentClosePolicy`](https://github.com/temporalio/api/blob/c1f04d0856a3ba2995e92717607f83536b5a44f5/temporal/api/enums/v1/workflow.proto#L44) that terminates, cancels, or abandons the Workflow Execution if the child's parent stops execution:

- `ABANDON`: When the parent stops, don't do anything with the Child Workflow.
- `TERMINATE`: When the parent stops, terminate the Child Workflow.

> - `REQUEST_CANCEL`: REQUEST_CANCEL means requesting cancellation on the child workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `REQUEST_CANCEL`: When the parent stops, request graceful cancellation on the child workflow.
```

> - `TERMINATE`: When the parent stops, terminate the Child Workflow.
> - `REQUEST_CANCEL`: When the parent stops, request graceful cancellation on the child workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TERMINATE`: When the parent stops, immediately terminate the Child Workflow.
- `REQUEST_CANCEL`: When the parent stops, request cancellation on the child workflow.
```
